# Money in the Mist Template Mode
While Money in the Mist was originally meant to be a completely randomly generated mission, there are now some functions that help creating a custom MitM mission.

Download a demo mission here:
[mitm_template_demomission.zip](https://github.com/gruppe-adler/TvT_MoneyInTheMist.Altis/files/4099633/mitm_template_demomission.zip)

Configure the mission by editing the files in the *USER* folder.

## Creating Starting Positions for Teams
Drop a game logic on the desired position. Add the following function to the logic's init:

**Syntax**  
`[logic, side] call mitm_template_fnc_createStartPosition`

**Parameters**  
1. logic - object, the logic object that defines the position
2. side - side, optional, the side that will start at this position. If left empty a random side will be chosen.

**Example**  
`[this, WEST] call mitm_template_fnc_createStartPosition`

## Creating Delivery Positions
Drop a game logic on the desired position. The actual object will be created by script. Add the following function to the logic's init:

**Syntax**  
`[logic, isLastPosition, type] call mitm_template_fnc_createMissionPosition`

**Parameters**  
1. logic - object, the logic object that defines the position
2. isLastPosition - bool, set this to true for the final delivery
3. type - string, can be either "CIV" or "DEADDROP" to define the type of delivery that will be generated for this position (optional, will be selected randomly if left empty)

**Example**  
`[this, false, "CIV"] call mitm_template_fnc_createMissionPosition`

### Pre-Placing Delivery Objects
Usually the actual delivery objects (the dead drop / the civilian) will be generated by the mission.  
If you want to pre-place your own object instead, just synch it to the position's game logic. You can leave the third parameter (type) empty. The object can be any unit of side *CIVILIAN* or any kind of object, although large objects might cause an unreachable interaction point.

Randomly generated civilians will sometimes have an assigned vehicle, that they will drive away with after they have received their delivery. If you want your pre-placed civilian to have a vehicle, just place one and synch it to the civilian.

## Creating Exfil Positions
Drop a game logic on the desired position. If you want to use this to create a side-specific exfil position while also using randomized starting positions, synch this to the starting position that you want it to belong to. Add the following function to the logic's init:

**Syntax**  
`[logic, side] call mitm_template_fnc_createExfilPoint`

**Parameters**  
1. logic - object, the logic object that defines the position
2. side - side, optional, the side that this exfil position will belong to. If you leave this blank, you have to synchronize it to a starting position's logic.

**Example**  
`[this, EAST] call mitm_template_fnc_createExfilPoint`
